demon level 59 upgrade and there they
are demons next upgrade the constant
velocity dry shafts these of course were
donated to me by coyote zero nine seven
six thanks a ton so let's go ahead and
open these things up and check them out
so I'm just gonna go ahead and rip open
the package guess it's not gonna be that
easy to get out dig in here now on the
bottom you can see we have hardware
which is those grub screws and then we
have the drive shafts themselves which
just Oh guys these are so beautiful I
love them so much
oh yeah and of course they do it just so
oh gosh
these just look good all the way around
well enough admiring them let's go ahead
and get them installed first thing I
need to go ahead and do is take off both
the rear tires by removing the four
millimeter nuts that hold them on once I
get off the old tires it's time to go
ahead and remove the gearbox cover it's
held on with two screws we have one on
top and one on bottom once I remove the
gear cover it's time to go ahead and
move down to the axle carrier I'm gonna
be undoing the two screws that hold it
on one that holds it to the link and
then the other one that holds it to the
a arm once I remove the screw that
connects it to the camber link and the
pen that holds it onto the a arm I just
can go ahead and pull it right on off
now it's time to go ahead and remove the
wheel hex hub now if I had the stock
plastic one I'd use a flathead
screwdriver and just pry it off however
I have the SGR C aluminum one so I'm
gonna have to undo this grub screw and
then slide it off once you remove the
wheel hex hub it's time to go ahead and
remove the axle pin by just sliding it
on out and then you have the teflon
washer let's go ahead and just pull that
off and then pull out the bottom of the
drive shaft and if a bearing comes out
or bushing depending which one you have
you can just go ahead and pull it off
the axle now it's time to get the top of
the drive shaft off in order to remove
the top of the drive shaft I'm gonna
have to undo this little grub screw that
holds a yoke to
the diff here as for this side that has
a spur gear and pinion you can see that
it's a little tougher to get to but
without the gear cover on there you
should be able to reach it
once you pull out the grub screw then
you can go ahead and pull off the top of
the driveshaft
and now you can go ahead and install the
new driveshaft all I have to do is line
up the holes as you can see and then
slide it on and then install the new
grub screw that they included with the
new CBDs once you've taken care of the
top of the driveshaft it's time to go
ahead and attach the axle carrier make
sure that your bushings or bearings are
on and then you're just gonna slide it
on to the axle pin followed by a Teflon
washer push that all the way down and
then I'm gonna get the axle pin I'm
gonna slide that on through the hole
just like that make sure it's even on
each side and then I can reattach the
wheel hex hub once that's taken care of
I can reattach it to the AR I'm using
the screw pin and reattach it to the tow
link once that's taken care of I can go
ahead and reattach the gear cover just
remember when you're putting in the
screws the shorter one goes on bottom
and the longer one goes on top once
that's taken care of
all that's left is to go ahead and
reattach the tires but as you guys can
see these tires are just in really bad
condition in fact if you look inside of
here the whole hex hub has been grounded
out this is what it's supposed to look
like that's what these tires look like
now however thanks to coyote ro 976
east-end he brand new Anaconda tires
thanks again man
so I'm gonna be slapping these bad boys
on and throwing the old ones away and
there you have it demons new anaconda
tires now this time I'm not going to be
painting the rims black the reason why I
did that the first time was because the
back ones were chrome and the front ones
were dark chrome and I thought looked
goofy so I painted on black so they
would match but now I don't have to do
that and remember if you don't know
which way the tread is supposed to go
they always have this little indication
on the side of the tire of how to put it
on here's before and here is after guys
these driveshafts looks
oh so good and of course here is demons
old anaconda tires as you guys can see
it's not much tread on them
and here's demons new tyres Hey look
awesome guys demon is looking really
really good so before I end this upgrade
I have to give a major shout out once
again to coyote
thank you so very much with he's awesome
donations and that was demons level 59
upgrade
if you should be able to go ahead and
reach that little mutt so you can see
the top of the jar gap gap that attaches
it to the guide load it up little bit
Baba you can care if you can go ahead
Oh hurt my ears